angles are everything I know I say this
all the time but angles are everything
like look at me from this angle okay now
look at me from this angle like
different person here I'm one person
here I'm another like what why hi
beautiful people welcome back to my
channel and welcome back to my videos
which I'm uploading every week at
Thursday at Thursday on Thursday I need
to work on my grammar so welcome back to
my channel and yeah I hope you all are
having a great life today we're gonna
talk about something a little bit
different I didn't actually want to make
a video on this because it can be like
quite a weird topic to talk about kind
of but I have gotten so many requests to
do this video like so many it's probably
one of my most requested videos and so I
thought I might as well make it and you
know answer a few questions that you
guys have been answering asking me so
yeah so this video is about how to get
sponsored by a company so how to you
know if you want to work with a company
how to collab with people like I've been
collabing with pretty little thing I
work with Jim shark that kind of stuff
and people are always asking me like how
do you do it and how do you go about
working with companies so I'm just gonna
be like a brutally honest here because I
don't want to sugarcoat things like I
don't like sugarcoating things so I just
like being brutally honest and just tell
you straight up how it is and what
companies want in return and how I'm
working with these companies and how you
can do the same if you're not subscribed
to me already make sure you hit the
subscribe button ok but oh no I'd love
it if you joined our little community ok
I'm not gonna give you guys a name
because that's just so cheesy I'm not
gonna call you guys like bella nuns or
bella bella
nannies bella bella gong
Oh Bella brews no just just you just
people okay you normal people so let's
get into the video subscribe go and
follow me on Instagram as well and
Twitter if you haven't already we go
let's get in no the first thing and the
most important thing in my opinion why a
company would want to like collaborate
with you or what need you in there like
ambassador or you know how do you
promote their products online you need
followers and I know that sounds like
shallow and it sounds you know not right
and stuff but that's just how it is like
if they're giving you free products and
stuff they need something in return and
your promotion and you're like following
is your return obviously I'm not saying
that that's the only factor because it's
not I know people like Jim shark woman's
best a lot of other companies only work
with athletes that have like a good
personality and are like genuine people
they they really care about the type of
people they hire so I know that for them
it's obviously not only just about
followers but followers is a big part of
it and that is just gonna be like that
with any company there is no set amount
of followers that you need to have it's
it doesn't work like that I can't really
speak on behalf of a company because
personally I don't know this is only my
opinion this is only what I think of it
this isn't actual like facts and I'm not
speaking on behalf of any companies
whatsoever this is just my in like
personal opinion on it I know that a lot
of company is like like a lot of
companies obviously need you to have a
following I don't know if they have like
minimum numbers of followers or
something but it has to be a lot like
you know in the in the thousands
definitely in like the higher thousands
the second thing which is probably just
as important as followers you can't just
have followers and then your engagement
just be awful because it will be pretty
obvious that your followers are fake and
I'm not saying that people with bad
engagement always have fake followers
but that is the most likely case if your
engagement is like very very very very
bad if you're in like a high amount of
followers and your engagement is like
nothing then it's highly the case I'm
not saying that people have like certain
people have fake followers I'm just
saying that that mode in most cases that
is what is going on the engagement is
likes comments people engaging with your
page and that is really hard to do I'm
not gonna lie it's quite a hard thing to
do because you need to somehow influence
your followers to engage with you and
you need to like speak to them you need
engagement and you know try and get
people to comment trying like and get
them to want to like the photo and the
best way of doing that is to have some
sort of substance to your profile like
you don't just want like random stuff
posted you want some sort of depth to
your profile you want to maybe extend
your captions a bit more because people
do read the captions like I noticed if I
write a meaningful caption I'll get so
much more engagement because people can
relate to it and people and like relate
to you as a person I definitely make
sure you're giving like your followers
some sort of like substance content can
just be content and it would mean
nothing so try and like persuade your
audience you know to get involved with
you and to become part of like a
community rather than just feel
disconnected from you like a thing I
tried to do is I literally try to reply
I don't know if you guys are notices but
I reply it to like as many people as I
possibly can like I spend so much time
just replying people and a lot of people
don't get that they're like why do you
reply to all these comments it's like
because I'm trying to like make a
connection with
guys I don't just want you guys just to
be like followers I want you guys to
like be my friends I need friends I'm
joking but yeah I tried to make a
connection with you guys and like try to
speak to all of you and not just have
you like as numbers if that makes sense
like it's not it's not only about
numbers it's a lot to do with how well
you engage with your audience and how
much of an influence you have over them
so you know if you're friends you're so
much more likely to have an influence
over a friend then you are to have an
influence over like a random person that
you've never spoke to just see what I
mean
so after you have followers let's say
you have I don't know 40 50 thousand
followers in a bit less you've got the
engagement it's there you know you're
starting to to grow your page then a lot
of companies contact you okay so most of
the companies will contact you however a
lot of people say you know don't contact
a company because it looks bad looks
like you need them a bla bla bla bla I I
don't think like that I think if you
think you're at a decent amount of
followers and you think you'd be
valuable to the company in some way so
you think right I think I'm my page is
good enough now to work with this
company like it's like I have a similar
amount of followers to other people that
work with the company then when you're
at that point which will take a while it
won't come in a few months like it will
take a while I started probably in like
November time so you know it's taking me
all this time to be able to work with
Jim co-op women's best etc cuz my page
is growing since then and yeah when you
do get to that point you want to you
know reach out to the companies that you
really want to work with don't just wait
for them to contact you because they may
never do that
you know they may never contact you so
if you really want to work with a
company contact them why not you know
but also make sure that you don't just
like contact them for the hell of it
make sure that you are at a point where
you actually think you have a chance of
working with them and I know that sounds
harsh but if you think if you only have
a few a few hundred a few thousand
followers and you want to work with a
company like they might not accept you
because you don't have enough to offer
back to them so make sure you're at a
point where you really do believe that
you would be of some sort of value to
the company and that is harsh to hear
but it's true you do need to have
something to give back and it's not only
followers it's yourself as well as a
person the way you are everything but
that is a big part of it and you do need
to understand that is a big part of
working with companies in terms of like
companies each one is different like
some may accept you a bit area some may
need more from you like each company is
a very different has different standards
of letting people work with them like
yeah like all these companies have very
different targets so some companies may
only have if you have like 200k and
above followers some may hire if you
have lower like it's it just varies a
lot so you know try and look at accounts
that work with the company that you want
to work with and you know see what
they're doing like see how their
engagement is see how many followers
they have see like how they interact
with their followers and by this I do
not mean in any way copy them don't copy
them if you copy someone it just looks
obvious you can just tell you need to
just be yourself and that is a big thing
being yourself and that's probably the
third most important thing is being
yourself all of these things are all
like mega important but um yeah you need
to be yourself and if you try and copy
someone else and do
exactly the same thing as they're doing
like people notice and companies notice
and it won't work they want someone
original they want someone new that will
bring something different to the table
so being yourself obviously see how
they're interacting and like take a few
pointers from them but don't copy them
like try and be creative try and be
original because that is the best way I
think to go
you don't want companies don't want two
of the same people working for them
there's no point you know they just they
want one of that person not to so if you
copy someone why would they like why
would they need you you know make sure
you use um hashtags this is so important
I still use hashtags until now because I
think they help loads so you can use
like 30 hashtags put them in the comment
section after you posted a picture
hashtags are life okay
they help everything be better in life
so use the hashtags as a secret if you
want like companies to contact you
instead of you contacting the company
tag them in your pictures you know and
keep tagging them in your pictures and
they might notice you so that's a good
thing as well if you want to try that
honestly you have to be real with
yourself like you can't expect to to
work with companies if you don't have
enough to give back to them so you
really have to value a value a little
bit but evaluate yourself and see right
would I hire me if I was the company if
I worked in the company would I hire me
like do I have enough to give back or am
I still trying to grow my page and all
these things so many factors go into it
it's not just followers but then again
it is an important aspect of it having
folders it might be bubbling on but I'm
trying to I'm trying to go through
everything because there are a lot of
there are a lot of like aspects to it
it's not as simple as people think I
guess and the other thing is well like
be patient and this is a big thing
definitely be patient it takes time like
it does take
it takes time for your page to get out
there it takes time for you to learn how
Instagram works how when's the right
time to post there are certain times in
the day where posts do better in terms
of wanting more followers make sure
you're producing something that people
will want to follow give a value back to
your audience so give them some sort of
worth like they're not just following a
random page they're like I said having a
connection with you and having a reason
to follow you so make sure your content
is good content good quality content you
want stuff like bright you didn't want
anything dark and hard to see you want
bright content easy to look at like easy
for people to like to notice if all your
stuff is very dark and very like shady
you can't watch shady like kind of dark
and hard to see people won't really
nervous as much so try and be like
bright bright colors bright lighting
lighting is key key lighting is key okay
if you don't get to work with that one
company there are so many companies out
there that do similar things you know
don't let that ruin your hope I guess
don't let the demotivate you there are
so many good companies out there for
everything so yeah just be dedicated and
set a goal for yourself and make it and
achieve it and do everything you can to
get to that goal because that is what
really matters if you set a goal in your
head and you do everything and I buy
everything I mean like absolutely
everything you can to achieve that goal
someday you will get there and someday
you will achieve it if you really and I
work hard I mean work your bum off
instead of saying maybe you don't have
time say it's not a priority and see how
that feels because a lot of the time we
do say we don't have time for things
that just aren't a priority like if we
would rather read a book then go to the
gym and then you say you don't have time
for the gym it's like well not really
you
it's just not a priority to you you
would your priority is reading the book
not going to the gym so it's not that
you don't have time for it is that it's
just not a priority comparing to reading
the book it's it's insane because at the
start of all this I had a person to kind
of say that it was ridiculous I would
never get anywhere with it that I was
like wasting my time wanting to grow on
Instagram
bla bla bla bla bla and I'm so glad I'm
so frickin glad that I didn't listen to
that person because if I had I wouldn't
be where I am today so just really keep
it in mind and if you want to do
something you go and do it like you go
and freakin do it and yeah this has
turned into like some motivational talk
a thing I'm sorry but yeah that's how
you get sponsored or how you work with
companies collaborate with them etc I
hope I didn't blab on for too long and
waste a lot of time if I did I'm sorry
but you know I hope this helped you kind
of understand a bit more of how to you
know work with companies and do all that
kind of stuff if you have any questions
please leave them down in the comment
section below or comment them on my most
recent Instagram picture because if you
comment them on any other Instagram
pictures I won't see it so I always
check the comments on my newest so every
time there's like a new Instagram
picture comment on that one because
that's where I'm most likely to reply
yeah thank you all for watching and I
hope you enjoyed the video I'll see you
next week on Thursday for another video
the link to my boobie guide is in the
description below I love it if you join
the beauty guide family and go your
peach and grow your booty okay so yeah
the link is below
and the link to my Instagram and
everything is below as well so you can
go check that out but yeah thanks for
watching and I'll see you next Thursday
because it baby get it
you know then I just wanna want you to
scream
[Music]